
## Read-03

### React Docs - lists and keys
1. What does .map() return?
- .map() is an iterator that goes through and array and calls a function on every element or an array and returning basically a new array
2. If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React?
- you would wrap an expression in curly braces and use the .map() function
3. Each list item needs a unique ____.
- Key
4. What is the purpose of a key?
- A key is a spcial string attribute and are needed to identify which items in a list are deleted, updated, or changed. It gives an identity to the elements of a list

### The Spead Operator
1. What is the spread operator?
- The spread operator syntax is "(...)" and is used to expand an object in the list of arguments
2. List 4 things that the spread operator can do.
- combining objects
- copying an array
- adding an item to a list
- adding to state in React
3. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.
> const array1 = [a,b,c]
> const array2 = [1,2,3]
> const array3 = [...array1,...array2]
> expected output = [a,b,c,1,2,3]
4. Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.
> const array1 = [a,b,c]
> const biggerArray1 = [1,2,3,...array1]
> expected output = [1,2,3,a,b,c]
5. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.
> const object = {age: 33}
> const object2 = {name: anthony}
> const object 3 = {...object2, ...object}
> expected output = {name: anthony, age: 33}

### How to Pass Functions Between Components
1. In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?
-  creates a map function in the state that he wants to change 
2. In your own words, what does the increment function do?
- The increment function increments the number in the class app everytime the add button is pushed in a person's box
3. How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?
- You can pass a method from a parent component into a child component by using a prop within the child
4. How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?
- The child component invokes the method by calling the prop in the parent component
- 
## Things I want to know more about
