## Read-06

### An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com
1. What is node.js?
> Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.
- https://nodejs.org/en/
> Node.js is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O runtime that uses Google’s V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library.
- https://stackoverflow.com/tags/node.js/info
2. In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
- The V8 JavaScript Engine is what executes JS code. 
3. What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
- JavaScript runtime means that the JS code is executed at the time of running it
4. What is npm?
- NPM stands for Node Package Manager and is a software library. It is a way to share code packages and can be run in the command line.
5. What version of node are you running on your machine?
- 6.14.15
6. What version of npm are you running on your machine
- v14.17.6
7. What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
- npm install -g jshint
8. What is node used for?
- Node is used to run JavaScript on a server. 

### 6 Reasons for Pair Programming
1. What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
- Greater efficiency
- Engaged collaboration
- Learning from fellow students
- Social skills
- Job interview readiness
- Work environment readiness
2. In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
- In my experience learning from fellow students and greater efficiency are the most beneficial reasons for using paired programming. Sometimes it takes me a little longer to solve certain issues that another student knows right away. This allows me to code faster and I often learn a better way to code.
3. How does pair programming work?
- Paired programming often involves 2 roles. The roles are the driver and the navigator. The driver is the person that is physically typing the code and the navigator is the one telling the driver what to type. This does not mean that the navigator is the only one doing the thinking and in fact, they may not be determining what is typed line by line. Instead, they think about the big picture and determine what all the code must accomplish.

## Things I want to know more about
