## Read-19

### Describe the similarities between AWS API Gateway + Lambda functions and an ExpressJS Server
Both provide the same basic functionality. They both allow clients to make requests and provide responses via requests. They both perform basic crud operations as well.

### List the AWS Database offerings and talk about the pros and cons of each
AWS does not have a capacity limit. The database has speed and flexibility. PRicing is unclear and technical support is pricey.

### What’s the difference between a FIFO and a standard queue?
Standard queues provide best-effort ordering which ensures that messages are generally delivered in the same order as they are sent. FIFO queues offer first-in-first-out delivery and exactly-once processing: the order in which messages are sent and received is strictly preserved.

### How can the server be assured a message was properly received?
Status codes

### Vocabulary Terms
Serverless API - Serverless computing is a strategic deviation from this model — it is an event-driven setup without permanent infrastructure. This doesn’t mean servers are no longer involved, rather, it means that servers are auto-created on a per-need basis to scale to the demands of your app.
Triggers - Lambda resource or a resource in another service that you configure to invoke your function in response to lifecycle events, external requests, or on a schedule.
Dynamo vs Mongo - Both are noSQL databases. Dynamo is a database provided by AWS while mongoDB is open source.
Dynamoose vs Mongoose - Dynamoose is a tool used for dynamoDB while Mongoose is a tool used for MongoDB.

### Sources
https://medium.com/awesome-cloud/aws-difference-between-sqs-standard-and-fifo-first-in-first-out-queues-28d1ea5e153
https://nordicapis.com/the-benefits-of-a-serverless-api-backend/
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-invocation.html
