## Read-11

### Status Codes Based On REST Methods
1. In your own words, describe what each group of status codes represents:
- 100’s = Let the client know that the header part of the request has been received
- 200’s = Let the client know that the request was accepted
- 300’s = Redirects the client as the resource isn't currently available
- 400’s = Error codes letting the client know that the request was invalid for an assortment of reasons
- 500’s = Server error codes often related directly to the server, but can be due to client requests
2. What is status code 202? It is an accepted request. Tells the client the request was valid but has not finished processing yet
3. What is status code 308? Permanent redirect. Informs the client to use another URL as the previous URL can not be used anymore
4. What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client? 204
5. What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does? 410
6. What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code? 403

### Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB - Quick - First 20 minutes
1. Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env? It will allow switching from localhost to an online host when the server is launched
2. What is middleware? Functions that execute when a request has been made and can perform action between requests and responses.
3. What does app.use(express.json()) do? Allows the server to handle a request as a body and not a get/post request.
4. What does the /:id mean in a route? it is a parameter that gives the server access to what is passed to the server after the first "/"
5. What is the difference between PUT and PATCH? Put updates all the information on the server while Patch only updates what is passed
6. How do you make a default value in a schema? You declare a default value in your schema and set a value to it
7. What does a 500 error status code mean? Internal server error
8. What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201? 200 is an ok status code that tells the client everything went well while 201 means that creation has occurred
