## Read-05

### How I explained REST to my brother
1. Who is Roy Fielding?
- One of the people responsible for creating the HTTP specification and created the REST architectural style

2. Why don’t the techniques that we use today work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?
- They weren't designed to do so

3. What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
- Verbs to nouns. For example, HTTP GET will get a web page based on the URL you enter and within that page the browser will grab other URLs for images

4. What does a GET do?
- Get retrieve information from a server such as a webpage
 
5. What does a POST do?
- Post allows for a system to add something to another system. For example, if you signup for an email and submit the form it will POST data

6. What does PUT do?
- Put would update information or overwrite information on another system

7. What does PATCH do?
- Patch is similar to PUT, but is used for partial changes to information on another system

### Geocoding API
1. Did you get your API key?
- yes, pk.8a1de35a5202a99f0c9fcc0349a0507d

### Weather Bit API
1. Did you get your API key?
- yes, 523922934e614c008ea95cbc65e4b3a8

### Yelp API Docs

1. Did you get your API key?
- yes, MQK5hJmXRSZo7XQvsQwLoHtYQ5bTFABhL5sg3PffHbv1cMqG0eptNzwXDXYtkxQ3uqUaIVsHF8ANY9z-W4EUaaaM1czyEPK481bFs2LYjKN-t03C2KsZEdnpru5JYXYx
- client id, 3EbaB-EcFM7TqgSY3HPMbw

### The Movie DB API Docs
1. Did you get your API key?
- yes, db5eb7b4a487f5ccff2f78d3ccb7c8c0

## Things I want to know more about
