## Read-09

### Functional Programming Concepts
1. What is functional programming?
> Functional programming is a programming paradigm — a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs 
> — that treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids changing state and mutable data
(https://medium.com/the-renaissance-developer/concepts-of-functional-programming-in-javascript-6bc84220d2aa)
2. What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?
It returns the same results if given the same argument and does not cause any observable side effects

3. What are the benefits of a pure function?
- Code is easier to test

4. What is immutability?
- Immutability means that the state cannot be changed once it is created

5. What is Referential transparency?
- If a function yields the same results given the same input, it is referentially transparent

### RegExr - Pay particular attention to the cheatsheet
1. What is a module?
- A module is a function in single or multiple JS files that have their own function and can be reused. This keeps your main files clears and allows functions to be reused
2. What does the word ‘require’ do?
-Require is a path to a module and allows you to use a module in your program
3. How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in?
- You must set a variable equal to "require" and include the module you are trying to use. EX: " var add2Numbers = required('./add2Numbers')
4. What do we have to do to make a module available?
- You have to export the module from its file and explicitly say what in the module is available
