## Read-13

### Consider the history: That Time When Women Stopped Coding
1. What occurred during the same time as the beginning of the decline of women in computer science?
- Personal computers became more common in homes
2. Why does it matter that males had been playing on computers growing up?
- Males that had computers growing up already have experience with computers and had less of a learning curve when it comes to learning computer science

### Review the data: Employee breakdown of key technology companies
1. What three take-a-ways do you have looking at this data?
- Women are underrepresented in most tech companies
- People of Asian ethnicity are overrepresented in tech in comparison to the overall US population.
- All other minorities are underrepresented in tech except for in a few specific companies

### Ask the question: Why diversity matters to your tech company
1. When are diversity efforts most successful?
- When they are established by company leaders
2. Why do diverse companies perform better?
- They are smarter and more creative due to having a larger talent pool to hire from
3. Give an example of how a diverse company can serve a diverse user base or vise-versa.
- Hiring a more diverse staff that aligns with the diverse population, will assist the company in engaging said population. People are largely influenced by the background they grew up in and if you have only workers from the same background, it will be hard to connect with people outside of your background
