## Read-01

### Describe (in plain English) what Array.map() does
Array.map() is a tool in JavaScript referred to as a method. This tool allows us to go through an array which is a series of information such as numbers, letters, words, etc. When map goes through the array it allows us to perform an action at each index or position of the array. For example, if you had an array of numbers you could add one to each index of the array. This will give us a new array that has one added to each index of the original array.

### Describe (in plain English) what Array.reduce() does
Array.reduce() is similiar to the Array.map method in that it performs an action to an array. However, the reduce function will return a single value which is the result of the reduce() method. The reduce() method has a reducer function. A function is similar to a method. The reducer function is an action that occurs on each value of an index. The reduce() method keeps track of the old value and the reducer function keeps being applied ot the old value at every index point. For example, if we have an array of numbers we can add them all together using the reduce() method. We would have a bank that keeps track of the total and we would add each number of the the array to the bank and the action of adding would be considered the reducer function.

### Provide code snippets showing how to use superagent() to fetch data from a URL and log the result
**With normal Promise .then() syntax**
> function isEven(number){
>  return new Promise(( resolve, reject) => {
>    if(number % 2 === 0){
>        resolve(true)
>      }
>      else{
 >       reject(false)
  >    };
>  })
> }
>
> let numbers = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9]
>
> for(let i = 0; i < numbers.length; i++){
>  isEven(numbers[i])
>  .then(result => console.log(result, numbers[i]))
>  .catch(err => console.log(err, numbers[i]))
> }
