## Read-05

### React Docs - Thinking in React
1. What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
- The single responsibility principle means that a component only does one thing. If it ends up doing more, it should be moved to a subcomponent
2. What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
- Static version means that you will have a component reuse other components and pass data using props
3. Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
- ReactDOM.render()
4. What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
- Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it probably isn’t state.
- Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it probably isn’t state.
- Can you compute it based on any other state or props in your component? If so, it isn’t state.
5. How can you identify where state needs to live?
- Identify every component that renders something based on that state.
- Find a common owner component (a single component above all the components that need the state in the hierarchy).
- Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state.
- If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common owner component.


### The Conditional (Ternary) Operator Explained
1. What is a “higher-order function”?
- A higher-order function is a function that operates on other functions and either takes functions in as an argument or returns them.
2. Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
- Line 2 of the greater than function is comparing whether a number is greater than the argument (n)
3. Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
- Map takes in an array and then allows the user to perform a function or transformation on each value of that array.

## Things I want to know more about
